feat: Delete data dump from S3 after data load has been successful (#600)
uktrade/platform-tools: dbt_platform_helper/COMMANDS.md

## Usage

```
platform-helper database dump --from <from_env> --database <database> 
                              [--app <application>] [--from-vpc <from_vpc>] 
```

## Options

- `--app <text>`
  - The application name. Required unless you are running the command from your deploy repo
- `--from <text>`

>   - This is required unless you are running the command from your deploy repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The environment you are dumping data from.  This is required unless you are running the command from your deploy repo
```

>   - This is required unless you are running the command from your deploy repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The environment data is being dumped from. Required unless you are running the command from your deploy repo
```

>   - This is required unless you are running the command from your deploy repo

Reviewer: The environment you are dumping data from. Required unless you are running the command from your deploy repo

## Usage

```
platform-helper database load --to <to_env> --database <database> 
                              [--app <application>] [--to-vpc <to_vpc>] 
                              [--auto-approve] 
```

## Options

- `--app <text>`
  - The application name. Required unless you are running the command from your deploy repo
- `--to <text>`

>   - The environment you are loading data into

Reviewer: Are these mandatory parameters or are they only required if not in deploy repo?  (dump command above would suggest the latter)
